
more browser tests cleaned up
	portco profile
	tabs on portfolio profile
make modals and buttons match style guide
cache fx rates
load js for portfolio profile on demand
bugsnag


we set up supervisor to run on Raiden so that write ups job will run
unsure if kratos or zelda got supervisor or not
3/17 
pdfs, pusher are working on raiden
5/19
zelda write ups do not work (supervisor not running jobs)


4/1 new variables for pusher

channel = omni-staging.
app_id = "1181764"
key = "d4c01b736b1c11b0635e"
secret = "7fd3cc2681eeda8c84ae"

channel = omni-production.
app_id = "1181765"
key = "fa2e4809d311e466899a"
secret = "d31bbe0bef00c1a61f20"


when do you know a project is off track? how can you tell?
have you managed remote teams? how has that been going these last 6 months?
how do you prioritize tasks on a project?
tell me about how you gather requirements for an issue and then verify the solution met the requirements
how do you handle multiple projects at once?
what would be your biggest challenge to contribute right away?

vince===========
what are some things that are frustrating as an omni engineer?
what can PMs do to make things easier for engineers?
how would you rate our current process 1-100?
how can we prevent so many bugs being introduced?


vita==========
what can we do as developers to make things easier on your end?
are there any frustrations you have with the way we address issues, including our willingness and attitudes?
how would you rate our current process 1-100?
how can we prevent so many bugs being introduced?


vince 1on1 8/27
frustrated not following process
more time to research other techs
focus on better dev environments
get environments synchronized

vince 1on1 10/8
mundane tasks?
set up retros?
interested in helping with tim
set up time for research
process is getting better with vipasha
assigning and est. during sprint planning

vince 1on1 10/29
looking forward to refactoring
simplifying the export code
tell tim we are eager to help
vipasha more connected with sprints is helping
get vipasha to get reqs for lazy susan
ask vipasha about the gathering reqs tickets

vince 1on1 11/19
worried about exports (large datasets) and how we would put that in backend
working with tim is going fine, skills are lacking
concerned about hiring consultant firm versus hiring engineers
interested in optimizing backend stuff - nested foreach
research react with laravel

tim 1on1 12/10
good amount of communication
happy with the help he's been getting
goals: being productive for the company, increase tech skills, wants to take on more 
would find value in seeing how hotfixes happen
has learned a lot about unit testing
accpt criteria for the seeder ticket 435
front end is more difficult for him
internship ends 12/28 but wants to keep working

vince 1on1 12/10
nice to have a lighter load
react research was put on hold, will look into Behat
will work on bugsnag errors when tickets run out

tim 1on1 12/31
spoke to tyler about extending internship for 3 months, end of march
need more tickets in backlog
new semester classes are at night
ideally wants a full time role
can take more tickets without instruction
wants to do more mysql, learn more devops groundwork structure
likes the complexity of the issues he's given

vince 1on1 1/21
likes working from home, but would like optional office time
wnats to know about title change criteria and only once per year?
feels like he put in a lot of work last year and doesnt know what he can work toward
talk about goals - hasn't thought about it because of ^
will use end of sprint for research rather than adding more tickets

tim 1on1 1/27
feedback from vince is going good, get along well, been very helpful
	-sometimes vince just gives the answer rather than "why"
	-wants more learning rather than "what just happened?"
	-not concerned about condescending responses
had a busy schedule when classes started up, but its gotten easier now
hard to understand laravel syntax and what goes where (MVC)
works different hours each day, but averages 4/day
wants to do a hotfix

tim 1on1 2/11
has felt more comfortable asking vince for help
understanding more code, most questions are about requirements
time logging will be valuable, should come up with a notification to update time spent

vince 1on1 3/4
need devops help
don't want to say more about PMs not making tickets
time logging seems very inaccurate - QA time not logged
not interested in work groups - no point of trying harder this year
not being compensated for going above and beyond, lack of motivation

tim 1on1 3/10
talked about how the company values software vs. finance 
software is more interesting to him
trying to decide if he wants to take the Eng I role
wants to eventually get to Python, not interested in becoming a PM at this point
has offer letter from finance company, getting one from DSE soon

tim 1on1 3/24
not taking job offer
starting investment firm with family office

vince 1on1 3/25
talked about bringing on Alex, asked how that came about, how we found him
talked about tim leaving
doesn't want to do smoke tests
likes the tasks we're doing
spend more time in estimating to dig into issues

vince 1on1 5/6
mostly just talked about tasks
estimating is going better

vince 1on1 6/17
doesnt feel like mid-year reviews are helpful
feels good about tickets
talked about giving him more difficult tickets to stretch his comfort zone

vince 1on1 8/19
should add QA time for tickets in jira?
should put focus on optimizing code & queries
only make requests when data is needed
will make list of front end edits 
more work on responsiveness
need road map updated
need to look into retirement investing